Danish-Speaking Call Center Agent

At doTERRA we encourage all employees to seek out opportunities that will expand their skill set. We strive to help achieve personal career goals by providing opportunities of growth and movement throughout the company.

Job Description:

Provide the highest level of customer service to our customers and Wellness Advocates through phone, chat, email, and/or other contact types.


Job Responsibilities:

    Handle inbound customer contacts including but not limited to phone, chat, and email, with the highest level of customer service. 

    Respond promptly with correct grammar and punctuation in verbal and written communications 

    Use resources to answer questions and resolve concerns promptly and courteously 

    Follow-up on customer services issues 

    Capture customer feedback 

    Identify and track/code contact types 

    Attend necessary trainings 

    Upsell and inform customers about promotions and products 

    Help with special projects as needed 

    Adhere to schedule and meet other department performance standards 

    The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential job functions of this job: 

    This position operates in an office environment that may include exposure to stationary -positions and computer blue light for extended periods of time 

    Ability to work under pressure, including during peak seasons 

Job Qualifications:

    Professional Danish language proficiency required 

    Strong typing and computer abilities 

    Ability to type 60 words per minute, preferred 

    Knowledge of proper grammar, punctuation, and impressive spelling 

    Organized and detail-oriented 

    Ability to follow instructions, policies, and procedures 

    Works well with others 

    Proactive while assisting others 

    Ability to communicate effectively with others in a respectful and professional manner 

    Ability to communicate by reading, writing, recording, receiving, and sending communications 

    Previous customer service experience, preferred 

    Desire to move up and grow with doTERRA, preferred 

doTERRA International, LLC. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, protected veteran status, or disability.
Application Instructions

Please click on the link below to apply for this position. A new window will open and direct you to apply at our corporate careers page. We look forward to hearing from you!