
At Northwestern Mutual, we are strong, innovative and growing. We invest in our people. We care and make a positive difference.
Job Description

Internship candidates can expect a full-time onsite internship program, running from June 1, 2023 to August 11, 2023. This internship opportunity is offered in Milwaukee, WI and New York City, NY. Internship candidates who are relocating for the summer internship opportunity are eligible for round-trip airline/train travel and mileage reimbursement to and from your internship location and company-provided housing for the duration of the summer internship program in accordance with the company’s relocation policy. 

Carefully selected from universities across the country, our interns bring distinctive ideas and perspectives to our organization. Our employees are passionate about building our emerging talent and future leaders. After application and initial screening conversation, interns are aligned interview and be hired to a specific team at NM based on their skillsets and interests, providing exposure to real-world business perspectives through hands-on learning and meaningful work. In addition to their day-to-day tasks, interns participate in professional development workshops, senior leadership Q&A's, volunteer initiatives, networking/social events, and more!

UX Design Internship

As a UX Design Intern, you will work alongside your hiring manager, mentor, and team to complete tasks critical for Northwestern Mutual's success. We are here to help you both identify and continue to develop your future career goals and passions. See below for our current list of internship opportunities available in our UX Design departments:

    UX Design: Contribute to design work across Client, Field, and Home Office digital platform. Internship alignment can include: Product Design and Service design teams.

Bring Your Best! What this role needs. Minimum qualifications

    Pursuing a Bachelor's degree in: Digital Design, Product Design Human Computer Interaction (HCI), UI, UX or related field from an accredited college or university

    Cumulative grade point average of 3.0 or higher

    Previous work or classroom experience in one or more of the following: User experience design, color theory, communication, journalism, industrial design

    Portfolio link provided via application

    Employer immigration sponsorship is not available for this role

​ 

Preferred skills and proficiencies

    Previous User Experience design, color theory, journalism and/or relevant project experience

    Effective oral and written communication skills

    Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving ability

    High degree of self-motivation, passion, and a drive to learn

    Ability to balance multiple priorities

Next steps

We encourage you to apply! Once your application is reviewed, if selected to move forward, one of our University Relations team members will reach out for a call, where we will learn more about you and share internship opportunities aligning to your interests and skillsets and share any next steps of our recruiting process.

Who we are

Northwestern Mutual has been helping families and businesses achieve financial security for over 160 years through a distinctive planning approach that integrates risk management with wealth accumulation, preservation, and distribution. With more than $290 billion in assets, $30 billion in revenues and more than $1.9 trillion worth of life insurance protection in force, Northwestern Mutual delivers financial security to more than 4.6 million clients. People are the power behind Northwestern Mutual, and diversity makes us better. We are committed to reflecting and serving the marketplace. We do so by attracting and improving the engagement of those who bring their outstanding perspectives, ideas, and beliefs. At Northwestern Mutual, people matter. And you’ll be working for a company that’s consistently voted among the “most admired” in the nation. We invite you to explore your career interests with us.

#IN-POST #LI-POST
Grow your career with a best-in-class company that puts our client’s interests at the center of all we do. Get started now!

W e are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age or status as a protected veteran, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you work or would be working in Colorado or outside of a Corporate location, please click here for information pertaining to compensation and benefits.

FIND YOUR FUTURE

We’re excited about the potential people bring to Northwestern Mutual. You can grow your career here while enjoying first-class perks, benefits, and commitment to diversity and inclusion. 
