Tikehau Capital is a listed company that has established itself as one of the leading players in alternative asset management, allowing its shareholders to benefit from:

Easy access to returns on the private market
Solid organic growth prospects
A value-creating capital allocation strategy

Aligning the interests of our shareholders, clients and management is the key driver of our growth model, both in Europe and worldwide.

Our ability to break free from prevailing trends and our entrepreneurial spirit have made us a European leader in the realm of alternative asset management.

Proximity and alignment with our client-investors' interests are the key drivers of our growth, both in Europe and worldwide. Thanks to our strong economic base across three continents and our long-term strategy, Tikehau Capital is ideally positioned to meet the need for returns on investors' savings and corporate financing.

Tikehau Capital provides companies with financing solutions that can span the entire capital structure. We act as a long-term financial partner with an entrepreneurial mindset, working with entrepreneurs, founding families and managers to come up with appropriate financing solutions, in a desire to align the interests of a number of stakeholders and enable the company to reach its strategic goals.

Job offer : Assistant of Investor Relations Officer

You can choose time for work in time trial period (10 days).
Part-time Monday-Friday 8 am - 12 pm or full-time Monday-Friday 8 am - 5pm.
Salary for trial period: 30 CAD per hour.
Bonus system: For every task the employee receives a bonus amounting 50-150 CAD.
In the first month you get paid every two weeks.
Incentive scheme.
An exciting career.
Supportive and friendly team environment.
Cultural. Training and Education - We pride ourselves in helping you realize your potential and give you the oppoprtunity to be innovative.
Participation in various exhibitions, charity project, seminars, etc.
Ability to change the functional responsibilities, status in the case of promising candidates.

Main duties

Manage and coordinate client requests.
Fulfillment of small instructions for preparing data.
Help oversee and manage individual accounts.
Analyze currency markets and reports.
Collect and enter data for various financial spreadsheets.
Work with sales team to increase trading activity across the business.
Buy, sell and exchange foreign currencies to exploit fluctuations in markets and increase profitability.
Answers question and provide assistant to stakeholders, customers, and clients as needed.